W-22009973 Edits (#1033)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.12/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-outbound-oauth-obo.adoc

The policy extracts the Bearer token from the incoming request's `Authorization` header and sends a token exchange request to the token endpoint. The policy then replaces the `Authorization` header with the new token returned from the token exchange service and forwards the modified request to the backend service.

> To not trigger multiple requests for identical tokens, successful token exchanges are cached. By default, the cache only shares tokens between request to the same replica. Enable distributed coaching to share tokens between Flex Replicas. To learn more, see <<token-caching-oauth-obo>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid triggering multiple requests for identical tokens, successful token exchanges are cached. By default, the cache only shares tokens between requests to the same replica. Enable distributed caching to share tokens between Flex Replicas. To learn more, see <<token-caching-oauth-obo>>.
```

|Login Hint Claim |JWT claim from the incoming subject token to send as `login_hint` in the CIBA request. If no hint is specified, `email` is used.

|Binding Message |Optional human-readable message sent as `binding_message` in the CIBA request and displayed on the authentication device.

|Distributed |When enabled, the token cache and CIBA request state are shared across Flex Gateway replicas. Enable this option when running more than one replica to avoid duplicate token exchanges or duplicate CIBA initiations.
|===

[[token-caching-oauth-obo]]

> == Token caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Token Caching
```
